So far, we've adjusted our screen resolution and color.
We've also added and placed our player where we wanted.
Now it's time to learn about the players.
Dynamics will enable our player to move to the right and left on the x axis and up and down on the y
axis.
To do so, we need to modify these coordinates a little by adding or subtracting values.
So let's start with our modifications.
Go to the player function.
We created the one that didn't pass parameters to since these were definite values.
Now we'll pass some parameters to our function, which can be X and Y, so that it contains a value
that can constantly change.
And instead of entering these two values here, we'll put X and Y.
This would allow us to have values that can change dynamically.
So now that we've changed this, we need to go to player, which started to complain so as to add values.
We'll pass the coordinates we have in player X and player y and that's it.
Nothing's changing yet.
And if we execute this, our player will stay in the same position because we only change the way in
which its location is created.
That is through a parameter passed to the player function.
So we'll take advantage of our function being called inside the loop, which is constantly updated because
there's always checking if an event takes place.
So up here we'll make Player X, which is the variable determining the player's position on the x axis
increase for each iteration of the loop so that we can see our player's movement.
Let's add 0.1 pixels.
So if we execute this, we'll notice that our player moves to the right every time the loop iterates.
We'll also notice that it keeps on moving even when it reaches the end of the window and it adds values
that are not visible on our screen.
So that's what happens when we modify the player's location on the axes inside a loop.
The game loop is the game's backbone because it's an iteration that is constantly checking if there
is some change taking place.
If I type minus here and I execute this, I'll make the player move to the left.
Or if instead of modifying player x, I modify player y and execute this, the player will go up because
I subtracted values from the y axis.
If I added, the player would go down.
So this is a part of the game dynamics.
We're controlling the movements as we program our game, and we're not going to do it during its execution
yet.
We'll do that in the next lesson.
So we're going to learn how to move our character through user inputs and how to set limits so that
our rocket doesn't disappear from the screen.
So I'll see you there.